Who are we?
Founded in 1988 by Tayeb Barodawala, AAKIT is renowned for delivering the most impactful technology solutions for enterprises across diverse industries all over the world. These customized end-to-end SAP-powered solutions enable us to help our clients meet their business needs consistently, in turn, establishing a long-term partnership with them. As a matter of policy and pride, we are constantly updating ourselves with new technologies to better suit the requirements of our clients, developing a broad repertoire of services that enhance their decision making and operational capabilities.

Values
Excellence: We conduct Design Thinking workshops prior to the start of our projects to better understand our client’s values, vision, and position. This approach has helped us achieve a 100% success rate.

Respect: We believe that every person brings a unique perspective that has the potential to create immense value. Therefore, we ensure zero discrimination and respect for every individual across all levels of the organization.

True Collaboration: With our highly concentrated team, we work relentlessly to deliver real holistic results. 

Integrity: We are committed to doing the right things in the right way with full transparency and compliance across all levels.

Vision
To leverage our deep experience and capabilities to deploy state-of-the-art Business Management and Information Technology solutions to drive business success for our clients.

We believe that adding continuous value is critical to building and sustaining long-term relationships. This difference in perspective has allowed us to inspire confidence and implement changes successfully for over 100 organizations.

Customized Solutions for your Industry
Our multi-decade experience across multiple industries enables us to better understand the unique challenges and perspectives of our clients. We help you see the problems differently, develop an optimal mix of SAP-powered solutions, and achieve consistent results that bridge the gap between what is and what can be.

Explore our Expertise
Our expertise enables us to develop and implement effective SAP solutions to combat the issues faced by businesses across various industries

Industrial Machinery and Components
We help the Industrial Machinery and Components (IMC) businesses make breakthrough decisions that address their pressing concerns through efficient and pragmatic solutions.

View PDF




Wholesale Distribution
With the Wholesale Distribution industry undergoing a huge transformation - we believe that it is critical to implement high-impact strategies both quickly and effectively.

View PDF




Chemicals
We bring our deep chemical industry experience to consistently achieve positive results across both favorable and unfavorable market environments.

View PDF



Paper and Packaging
We work with the leading Paper and Packaging businesses to make the best strategic decisions that enhance their capabilities in an increasingly competitive environment.

View PDF







We are a globally trusted workforce solution provider which has been successfully shrinking the gap between the candidates and the organization. We know that our commitment to clients is second to none which is why we ensure to fulfil our commitments on time without compromising on quality.

A flagship of Ink IT Solutions and Consulting Pvt. Ltd., we have been delivering echt resources to our clients fulfilling their Oracle, SAP, and IT recruitment needs since inception. Our consulting prowess has led us towards transforming into a premier entity in our field globally.